=head1 NAME

git-package-and-release - Create a package and release on GitHub from a tag name.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

git package-and-release [ -t, --tag TAG_NAME ] [ -c, --create ] [ --no-sign ] [ --no-release ]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This will initiate a number of automated processes which culminates with
a release and its assets being programmatically created on GitHub.

Here are the steps:

1. Run this script:
   `git package-and-release --tag 1.0.0`

2. A container (systemd-nspawn) will clone the project and then build
   and sign the packages (see /etc/systemd/nspawn) and the
   {deb,rpm}-packaging machines on my GitHub.

3. The packaging build scripts executed in the container(s) will place
   the signed package assets in /root/build in the container which is
   bind mounted to /srv/packages on the host.

4. A systemd service is monitoring this host directory, and when it
   detects that there has been a modification (i.e., a new package dir),
   it will run the /srv/packages/release.sh shell script which will
   determine the path of the new directory and from its bits call the
   github-release Go module.

5. This Go module will create a new release in the respective repository
   on GitHub and upload its package build assets from the new subdirectory
   on the host at /srv/packages.

See also:
   - /lib/systemd/system/awesome-release.path
   - /lib/systemd/system/awesome-release.service
   - /srv/packages/deb/
   - /srv/packages/release.sh

=head1 EXAMPLES

git package-and-release --tag 1.0.0

git package-and-release --tag 2.0.1 --create
	- This will use the tag as the signed tag message.

MESSAGE="I am a little foo" git package-and-release --tag 2.0.1 --create
	- This will use the MESSAGE variable value as the signed tag message.

export MESSAGE="I am a little foo"
git package-and-release --tag 2.0.1 --create
	- This will use the MESSAGE variable value as the signed tag message.

git package-and-release --tag 2.0.1 --create --no-sign
	- This will not create a signed tag.

All of the following examples will also release the packages to GitHub by default.
To NOT release, use the --no-release option:

git package-and-release --tag 2.0.1 --create --no-release

=head1 AUTHOR

Benjamin Toll <ben@benjamintoll.com>

