=head1 NAME

git-log-grep - Find the commit(s) that introduced or removed a method or other search pattern.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

git grep [ -p pattern ] [ -f file ] [ --format format ] [ --open-in-browser ] [ --no-delete-file ]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

It is basically a wrapper for ```git log -S``` and return the same results, however there are several advantages to it:

- Opens all search results in its own tabbed browser window.
	This can be incredibly useful when discussing an issue with a colleague over the internets.
	Currently only supported on Mac OS X.

- Ease of typing.
	Since it provides sensible defaults for the formatting, it's not necessary to lookup the tokens to provide your own. In addition, it will automatically use the current working directory as the search location (as the last argument after the ```--```) which can significantly speed up the query.

The found matches will be in the following format (to STDOUT):

	Hash (short)    ->  6449ce9
	Author name     ->  Benjamin Toll
	Author email    ->  benjam72@yahoo.com
	Commit message  ->  Ensure column filter menu is destroyed when adding new column filters.
	Merge date      ->  Mon Nov 24 13:27:27 2014 -0500
	Url             ->  https://github.com/extjs/SDK/commit/6449ce9

- Will keep the auto-generated CSV file on disk by passing the ```--no-delete-file``` flag.

=head1 EXAMPLES

git grep --pattern onGridDestroy

git grep -p injectLockable --open-in-browser

git grep -pattern onDestroy -file ext/src/grid --no-delete-file

git grep -p getDragData -l dd | tee my_search_results

=head1 AUTHOR

Benjamin Toll <benjam72@yahoo.com>

